{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\f0\fs20\tab\cf1\b\fs48 X64 Xcelera-CL PX4 Driver \par
\fs20 for\fs48\par
Sapera LT Imaging Library \par
\fs20 for\fs48\par
Windows 2000/XP/Vista 32-64\par
\cf0\fs28 Version 1.30.01.0455\par
\b0 DALSA Corp., August 19th, 2009\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
\cf1\b\fs32 Table of Contents\cf0\fs20\par
\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\fs24 Installation Notes\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Disk Contents\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hardware Supported\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}New Features\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx360\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Backward Compatibility\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Known Limitations\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Known Issues\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs20\par
\cf1\ul\b\fs32 Installation Notes\ulnone\b0\par
\cf0\fs20\par
\tab Please consult the X64 Xcelera-CL PX4 User's manual for detailed installation procedure for the supported Operating Systems.\par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul\b\fs32 Disk Contents\cf0\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
\par
\tab\b\fs32 Install root dir\par
\b0\fs20\par
\tab\tab readme.txt\par
\tab\b\fs32\\Bin\par
\b0\fs20\tab\tab CorDeviceManager program\par
\tab\par
\tab\b\fs32\\Firmware\b0\fs20\par
\tab\tab Firmware\par
\par
\tab\b\fs32\\Help\b0\fs20\par
\tab\tab X64 Xcelera-CL PX4 Manual in Help format        \par
\tab\tab X64 Xcelera-CL PX4 User Manual in PDF format \par
\par
\tab\b\fs32\\Inf\b0\fs20\tab\par
\tab\tab Windows 2000 Plug & Play driver files\par
\par
\par
\tab\b\fs32 Windows system directory (winnt\\system32)                       \b0\fs20\par
\tab\tab Dynamic Link Libraries (DLL's) \par
\par
\tab\b\fs32 Windows driver directory (winnt\\system32\\drivers)       \b0\fs20\par
\tab\tab Device driver files   \par
\par
\tab\b\fs32 Windows inf directory (winnt\\inf)\par
\b0\fs20\tab\tab Device driver information file  \par
\par
\par
\cf1\ul\fs28 Hardware Supported\cf0\ulnone\fs20\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\tx1080\f1\'b7\tab\f0 X64 Xcelera-CL PX4 (with 128MB of on-board memory)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\cf1\ul\b\fs32 New Features\cf0\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\tx1080\f1\'b7\tab\b\f0 Key Features for X64 Xcelera-CL PX4 FULL\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\tx1440\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Windows 2000/XP/VISTA 32-64\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\f1\'b7\tab\f0 1 Full Camera Link cameras\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Linescan & areascan (progressive) Camera Link cameras\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Monochrome 8, 10, and 12 bits per pixel, color 8, 10 or 12 bits per pixels with a output of 8 or 10 bits \par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Up to 10 taps\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 On-board serial port accessible as a standard PC COM port\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Shaft encoder support\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Trigger input \par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Internal frame trigger\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Strobe\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Input LUTs\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Mono: 256x8-bit, 1024x10-bit, 1024x8-bit, 4096x12-bit, 4096x10-bit, 4096x8-bit\par
Color: 3x256x8-bit (Base), 3x1024x10-bit or 3x4096x12-bit (Medium)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\tx1440\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Time Slot (Time Multiplexing)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Flat Field Correction\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Bayer Decoding\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Frame Integration\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1440\tx1080\f1\'b7\tab\b\f0 Key Features for X64 Xcelera-CL PX4 DUAL\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\tx1440\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Windows 2000/XP/VISTA 32-64\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\f1\'b7\tab\f0 2 Base or Medium Camera Link camera\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Linescan & areascan (progressive) Camera Link cameras\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Monochrome 8, 10, and 12 bits per pixel, color 8 bits per pixels\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 On-board serial port accessible as a standard PC COM port\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Shaft encoder support\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Trigger input \par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Internal frame trigger\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Strobe\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Input LUTs\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Mono: 256x8-bit, 1024x10-bit, 1024x8-bit, 4096x12-bit, 4096x10-bit, 4096x8-bit \par
Color: 3x256x8-bit\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\tx1440\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Frame Integration\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Bayer with Flatfield correction\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\cf1\ul\b\fs32 Added\cf0\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Added support for the processing PowerPack.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440 Added optimized CameraLink Full Firmware with Flatfield correction, to support DALSA's HS-80 camera.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li720\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\cf1\ul\b\fs32 Fixes\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\ulnone\b0\tab\cf0\fs20 Acquisition of camera CV-M8CL wasn\rquote t working: the FVAL falling edge is 1 pixel clock before the LVAL falling edge.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\cf1\ul\b\fs32\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Notes\cf0\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Compatible with Sapera LT version 6.00 and later.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Cropping width must be a multiple of 16 pixels.\par
\f1{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\'b7\tab\f0 Hactive must be a multiple of 32 pixels/Taps with multi-tap camera\par
\f1{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\'b7\tab\f0 After a logoff, the user must reboot the system if he wants to use the serial port.\par
\f1{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\'b7\tab\f0 When windows prompt "Find new hardware X64 Xcelera-CL PX4 board", the user must reboot the system in order to use the serial port.\par
\f1{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\'b7\tab\f0 4 taps of 8 bits with alternated taps and cameralink configuration "two bases" is not supported.\par
\f1{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\'b7\tab\f0 External Trigger Acquisition Callback \par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li1080 Line scan: edge and level trigger\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Area scan: edge trigger only\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\li360\tx360\f1\'b7\tab\f0 The LUT must not be change/set while grabbing.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx360\tx720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Vertical flip, Horizontal flip and cropping is not supported for 10 taps camera.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx360\tx720 Horizontal flip is not support for dual channel camera and for 2 alternated taps 10 or 12 bits camera.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For 10 taps camera, to maximize the bandwidth, do not crop horizontally and use a multiple of 8 lines.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}In variable frame length, the external trigger must be inactive for at least one line.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\ul\b\fs32\par
}
